 according to one 18-year-old four-year-old statistics, the number of british persons who had to pay tax was eight3.
 the provisions of the convention will be implemented as a result of the provisions of article 4 of article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment roster.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of phase ii is required to set up the level as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price price of these scenes may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of the market stalls in the shopping market, shopping and street stalls, was the highest in the last 5 years.
 the most difficult task for peace-keeping is the most difficult project, since it is expected that there can be significant changes in the previous year.
 the intention of the country must be given to the intention of the country.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had long for long.
 some of us believe that this action could not be seen as a result of an open and transparent consultation process.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the courts.
 the family planning association of namibia, which was established in january 1996, has now become major non-governmental organizations in reproductive health.
 the state party is most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the powers of international treaties, so that it is legally legally and in fact that it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities would be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law should be understood that the international community is the united nations council's decision and action.
 parents cannot afford to keep the responsibilities of their responsibilities to the school and teachers.
 " it is now very happy to see one of the two, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on the list of speakers, on behalf of the group of 21, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme is to avoid private property market competition and maintain a difference between the two.
 we look forward to the thorough analysis of the organization's control of the united nations in close consultation with the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i of the basic law, the 2 term appointed by the chief executive was elected by the chief executive.
 if a person is a device, he must be given at least suitable attention to the use of the device.
 it has established an international e-commerce network, and in october 1998, the 1 foreign electronic tenders were conducted in october 1998.
 in 1996, the growth rate of gdp increased by 4.0<unk> over a year earlier.
 after the first visit to his visit to his visit to his visit to his visit to his visit to his first visit to china.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was a strong protest against a new nuclear installation.
 for the reasons mentioned in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the security council.
 the problems of long-term problems in the 2 countries and the government of the republic of belarus have been unable to respond to the organization's contributions to the organization.
 indian delegation member of the group of members of the panel on disputes between india and the united states.
 mr. huang's grandfather's grandfather's family is inevitable, and then he decided to have a new, " he said.
 however, the committee notes that the state service is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of an education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury and excise department said today (december 30) that it is hoped that the use of internet payment is to be registered.
 mr tsang expressed his gratitude to the staff of the marine department and other interested parties to assist the building of ships.
 okay, let's continue to look for other news.
 at the same time, a number of solutions concerning these groups will require a number of preconditions.
 the tropical cyclone warning occurred at 10 a.m. in the morning of the 8.
 this was partly due to the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities really wish to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish, and spanish.
 transactions with local financial institutions and local non-financies were conducted by 16<unk> and 10 per cent of local financial institutions.
 in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single singles in many areas.
 it is vital that there is a need to seek results. this is a feasible solution to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a source of concern about humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already issued a appeal against the appeal, so that the chamber was false to france.
 the trend towards the slow-down in these countries has adversely affected the economic progress and stability of the economy, thus giving us deep concern to us.
 one week is one or seven days.
 through the united nations, we have entered the world, through the united nations, and with mutual interaction with the south east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in ensuring the development efforts of the information and communication technology.
 " it's impossible to know, " he said, " no. "
 (15) there is an international perspective of international perspective.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of agriculture indicated that the measures of the ministry of agriculture and control were quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force in the united nations peace-keeping forces can be prevented from preventing the errors of violent violence.
 at this critical juncture, however, it is essential that the coalition against terror must be clearly recognized and the enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive executive can be a dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker representative of the african group commends the efforts made by unifem in response to the response of unifem.
 the chinese government intends to set up a final plan in early next year, and the establishment of 13 coal " bases throughout the country.
 at the end, the old river's turbulent wave of ancient times is the path of modernization.
 as part of the work of the day-to-day monitoring work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card card.
 the arabic language is the 2 official language.
 the university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state, government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the publications enriched the various social and social aspects of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have demonstrated the tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council.
 customers can be purchased within six months after the special stamps will be issued on special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education and wang, deputy secretary for education, mr lai lai-chuen, the deputy secretary for education and other education and education officers.
 in 1971, hong kong is a director of education.
 contributions to electorate and electoral activities could not be easy.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific states to resume the nuclear tests carried out in the pacific nuclear tests.
 the age of graduation is 15 years of age.
 the service fee is $ 20000.
 as a result of the bulldozers, there are in many cases even even the residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, the armed forces, law enforcement officials, and law enforcement officials and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to go to belgium to go to belgium.
 at present, a rapid change in the right to self-determination, national security, national security and peace, as well as the concept of peace and implementation.
 such information can be identified in order to identify genuine responsibility for the real responsibility of the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the strengthening of the process of peace and consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 bakers and houses have been damaged and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more responsive, and simple and simple.
 this sustained high prices, not only the people's nervies, not only the people of the government and experts and experts.
 he is not talking about the heart of the heart.
 we can't hear the valuable comments made by the scholars who have professional knowledge of politics.
 the saying goes, " the saying goes, " the saying goes. "
 it is expected that a great state party has been successful, and it is expected that the democratic party of the new millennium will be accelerated.
 during the days of the temple, the hauk's former communists, such as the lights and lighter.
 the mainland is open to travel from taiwan abroad, and local operators show optimism.
 the most common aspect of cyclative jurisdiction is the area of navigational jurisdiction and through the territorial waters, the exclusive zone of the zone.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 mrs chan was officially elected by the director-general of the world director-general, who became the first chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international covenant on extradition, it is in accordance with international law enforcement provisions on extradition.
 on 10 december 1948, the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the " slovenia's constitution of human rights, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, as a result of this, there was no darkness in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak of a historical process before the process, and the process of multiple political difficulties in the past two years ago.
 after the government's government's government's government's government's government's website, the number of web pages from april 6000 rose to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation has occurred in the preceding case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to deal with this category.
 the results of the work of the nuclear-weapon states must depend on the capacity of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorization to register must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you all know, we do not mean that " quantity " does not mean that " quantity " is not important.
 the country has generally felt that the international community had no action to end the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess damage to the damage caused by floods and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government has made the first step to promote the co-operation between the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the three ministers must assist in the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october.
 a total of 1<unk>3 of the offence is the lowest and maximum limits of murder, and a maximum of 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that bullets were fired by guns.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for the analysis, it is generally likely that the applicants are divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as an example, as an example, an overview of the world's modern development system is a product of modernization.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure that peace and harmony can be ensured and to promote different national and cultural development in the world.
 with regard to food prices, i do not know whether the business of china can do anything.
 this will not only strengthen our ability to produce movies.
 i would like to understand that everyone's genuine genuine value is that we have come to join the membership in 17 years.
 as far as good health care is concerned, the symptoms are mainly smaller.
 the coordination of the co-operation of the united nations with the united nations was also appropriate.
 in the face of the " products ' products ", parents are much more likely to make a comparison.
 if there is a very serious result, the consequences are certainly very serious if the more double-digit figures are.
 for those vietnamese vietnamese persons and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been operating well in the 1999 system and is much improved.
 at the same time, the maintenance of nuclear testing was essential in the maintenance of the comprehensive test-ban treaty.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this could form a precedent, which led to all types of vessels which must be issued to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the question of legal advice, the government will never give legal advice to the public.
 as of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong, with a total of about $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 so far, there have been more than 30 tons of relief supplies to goma to goma to go goma to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies in the 21 century in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women was reflected in the gap between participating in the work life.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade with egypt before the borders of 1994.
 madam president, processions and processions are not in the right of a people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the question.
 a significant increase in the interest of the private sector and the foundations of the private sector is a significant increase in the global level of cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other views.
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the israelis, and an alternative to the residents.
 as a result of time, i am not able to enjoy all services.
 in recent years, the recent political change in hong kong does not seem to help hong kong an early settlement.
 some of the models include the development of the models of the persian gulf of the persian gulf.
 9 of the growth in 9 percentage points from the currency exchange rate.
 typically arms transactions are carried out in the place of control of arms and export control facilities.
 the swiss financial system has not been tolerated by the swiss financial system in the future, but also in the future.
 most of the vacancies are available for a diploma or degree of graduates from 8 to $ 160.
 table 1 shows the gross value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 on the basis of the details of the commission's functions, please see the commission on financial and capital markets.
 in the near future, the national television stations in croatia will be broadcast in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now moving away from the 10-surface junction and the prospects for future prospects.
 because the honourable leung yiu-chung has more time, i would like to have a better time. therefore, i support my support.
 the observer for indian, africa and the inter-american association of cultures believe that the non-special population is a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an annual survey of employers in the next three years.
 we are not clear about china's version. it is very likely that hong kong officials have imagined that hong kong officials have become an excuse.
 the commissioner was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law was set up in the model law (that is a signatory, dependent on parties and certification services).
 as a result, the gap between the capacity of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " hong kong supports the mainland as early as possible as early as possible.
 for example, the african region of the sub-saharan africa region, for example, is only a phone phone.
 the press must be respected by the press and the dignity and integrity of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed a number of days to be closed for a number of days to be closed for a number of days.
 as unloading the unloading capacity has been accelerated, faster programmes have been reduced, and the cost of transport costs has been benefited.
 as zhao <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 3. 2. 2 is the availability of knowledge, access to technology and business ability to come into hong kong.
 she wanted to do what they can do, such as watches, television, philator, philator, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and bulletin.
 talking about taiwan's children's children, it is very difficult to look at the impacts on their impacts.
 the amount of compensation can be calculated on a higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing, mr donald tsang, has talked about, and explain that this is no relationship with the re-establishment area.
 an independent expert group has been entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not look at the scene but often hear such reports.
 (a) the office of the cyberport's office to hire the cyberport's office must apply an official application.
 in the film of the film. "
 the united nations will be tested.
 the director of health, director of health, has said that some four years have been able to reach.
 it is difficult to.
 in the central institutions of the department, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk>3 of which is managerial posts.
 the court considers that the buyer did not fulfil their obligations for the purchase of the purchase purchase.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be a channel for the inter-american commission on human rights.
 in the 159 members of the draft resolution, the 1 session of the draft conference will be a record of record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 a response was requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the commission on the development of the hong kong financial centre and the development panel recently promised to report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the conference was held that the competence of the assembly is the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors can also go back to the spectacular, which has been almost traced in modern civilizations.
 we have a long-term goal to develop hong kong into an international city in asia.
 the director of social welfare, the director of social welfare, dr cheng cheng-ching and the fund management committee briefed the senior citizens of $ 80.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 with regard to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that this argument is in fact a fallacy.
 <unk> shanghai <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 hong kong ships on the domestic development of the ships, such as saying that they can help the ship owners to comply with economic benefits.
 the government and the people of sierra leone have helped to consolidate the united states a priority for peace in the united states.
 it was said that history is going to repeat.
 the national development framework of the transitional government shows the role of the state in economic and social roles.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of its terms of reference to all aspects related to racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo.
 industrialization, however, industrialization partners need to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that the delegation had always been actively engaged in its duties since the members of the commission.
 israel is proud of the old traditions of traditional traditions with the entire world.
 <unk> the director-general of the department of information services will be held on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers are able to compete with flowers.
 the situation in the united nations is the most worrying situation in the united nations.
 so, as a result, the doctors said that the child had been infected with small children.
 the questionnaire had been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the novels of the philthlets, the team will be able to carry them with them.
 the aim is to give rise to 3 parties to take up peace-building, so that the ethiopian ethiopian ethiopia ceases war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the community of kosovo should not allow the people of the community not allowed the past to come back to the future.
 we should not forget that these are public funds, and we must not waste waste.
 on the contrary, local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i recently visited the public to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements should be made to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written papers.
 qin jinsheng said that james to the 1 stop in may 5, he will be held in beijing and hu jintao in beijing.
 the committee also takes note of the consideration of the additional information during the reporting period and subsequent to the mission.
 on the 22, a major train accident occurred on a major train in the north korean government.
 the activities of the special rapporteur include a wide range of information on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i really do not agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 the international human rights act, however, involves other areas, including the wearing apparel, agriculture and construction industry.
 itself, i do not believe, but i often hear religions.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the hksar government in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the executive and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai and mr. zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have been able to implement some of its provisions, and in particular, the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployment rate was reduced to 19.3 million, and the first time for the first time to 200000 people.
 in the financial year 2004, the united states import and export bank provides funding to us$ 178000000000 in the world market.
 on wednesday, 5 june, on wednesday and 6 june, two informal ministerial meetings were held on thursday.
 at the present time, the government is considering legal action to implement the problem of pollution in the old-age factory.
 a total of 36 posts have been proposed to establish 3 posts, 18 posts, and 18 posts are paid by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, " 3 path " is the main reference to the government's government ".
 right, there are zhang charts for double-edged swords, um.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily raid on the number of passengers at the scene and increased eight to 12.
 political and religious freedom are not only written in the constitution but not only in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 at 9:30 p.m., the conference was held at 9:30 p.m., at 099:30, at the location of the united states congressn building.
 the records of the record shall have to have 3 years since the last date of the record.
 china has a reduction of 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok in bangkok is being prepared to take place in the next day.
 we fully support similar statements by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxi taxis will be allowed to pick up a carpark at the junction of road taxis near ming ming road.
 the transfer of a united nations conventional arms transfer is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states and states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline staff as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires the consensus of the community. "
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also without access to refugee status.
 when i went to the child, i was very serious, and i am very serious.
 the international seminar also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender differences and inequalities affecting the risk of the risk of risk of risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimates, the conservative business application of these technology applications can reach some0000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) today (december 22).
 the 3 category is particularly concerned.
 " on the part of the east asian region, the financial surplus of the east asia should be added.
 the swd has contacted chen yi-ling's family and provide counselling services.
 it is up to 80 per cent of the accommodation costs for the country.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 almost all these persons have been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops were not allowed to go to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary, training and management of the police, also applied to prison guard staff.
 " it also found that the provision of a bridge is sufficient to cope with traffic, public utility services and other unloading.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 at the same time, the ministry of internal affairs and corcusion of the buildings department has been constructed.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a piece of sunshine, rainy, and the air, air-conditioning and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been a major source of economic development.
 we should therefore stress that the nuclear powers of nuclear powers have been given to the end of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service operators in the united states have only maintained a network of the highest level at 20 users.
 since the reform and opening-up of the country, smes have made a significant contribution to the achievement of common wealth and social stability.
 in my country, the weather will be long up to five or 60 cents.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general is able to watch the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision has been made to allow the guardian of the guardian to give up the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include a unification of a uniform travel model for the countries of the region.
 it's very good friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, workers, employment and other problems, which have already aroused hong kong for some time.
 " even if it enters taiwan, it should not abandon the " live " stage ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its practical role.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in inflation in the last year.
 that is to say, it is no longer interested to allow the use of drugs and antibiotics in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 at the same weekend, the economic experts of the high-level company also raised the same project.
 the project can also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such a sense of diversity and interest in this regard.
 in a large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota for loans.
 the seizure of assets was carried out by the judge under the code of criminal procedure.
 it can be seen that students die for the death of the students, and it is also the only way for him.
 provision is made for the provision of basic medical supplies for the primary health-care facilities in unrwa.
 the turbulent scheme is not just a redistribution.
 on this subject, the conference sought to remind people that one person died or maimed at every 20 minutes.
 later, there will be a number of pieces of crafts and crafts.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic signs and observe the police officers at the scene.
 this conclusion has been somewhat surprising, since since the previous legal counsel had been subjected to the lack of legitimate behavior to the defence counsel.
 in the assistance of ilo, benin, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of enlargement of the current social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation of their lives affect their activities, which affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries have declined.
 after implementing the scheme, a number of colleagues will take the first time for the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly concealed. after his father's written complaint, the ministry of the interior was reportedly visited his family.
 other nb officers were also arrested for 40-year-old man.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment has been the only place in the low-level service.
 the project showed that the existing small-scale fund-raising approach is based on policy experience and performance in credit subsidies.
 the honourable mrs miriam lau's claim that the " youth charter " is the " youth charter ".
 the three men were suspected of conspiracy to deceive the money.
 they shall be set up in the context of the formulation of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, and in order to implement the market.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and iraq for iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universal recognition of human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the time length of the right to choose the right to choose is.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is eager to look forward to the agenda of its consideration before its consideration of the agenda, which would also be re-examined.
 there is a great deal of efforts to reduce poverty in poverty, although the asian financial crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of some of the poor countries do not receive funds.
 the recognition was made in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, there should be a commitment to achieve the goal of many generations.
 the company found that the development, manufacturing and marketing of the world, and a large number of world products of the world.
 later, the veterinary officer also called on the scene to report that all chickens were not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analyses a large number of data surveyed by the secretariat in verifying the rates of self-sufficient.
 in order to solve the floods of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 there is no legal and morality of capitalism, which often create drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 on the 1 hand of his work, chen's 1 works on the first works of his work was the first works of the wall.
 the 1-way one-way one-way one-way one-wayway can be reduced to around 40 minutes.
 the report reported that the situation of the deterioration of the situation in the occupied palestinian territories has been comprehensive.
 <unk> do not take a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned to death.
 the working group working with international human rights services, a minority rights group, together with international human rights services, was dealt with in 1997.
 28 immigration officers, 28 immigration officers and 13 police officers raided 7 targets.
 as a result, the contracting authority would be preferable to consider controlling the measures.
 the economic growth of the developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800, more than 800, more than 800 elements of armed elements were killed by the ccp (abist) armed.
 according to a legal section 22, a legal section of the perpetrators of the terrorist act shall be liable to legal liability.
 mr president, it will be resolved if the rubbish landfill landfills are closed for next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, and more than 600 million have left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government in the north-west.
 as a result of the failure to make improvements or impact, the department will have a warning letter to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a matter of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive and most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract for the construction of a construction contract, signed by the highways ltd.
 i have to see hong kong laws to refer to 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of non-traditional cooperation.
 in july this year to july may, most of the major sectors of the major sectors and underemployed were stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, there is a quota system.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the drafting of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial operations, will effectively implement the scheme.
 the letter is not to improve the trust of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework of the united nations in east timor.
 in some regions of the world, the absolute number of poverty and relative numbers are growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was told that the causes of darffra is a dispute between the mudars and crop farms in the area.
 the amendment has also been reserved for a community facilities for the development of fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia to escape from liberia.
 i have just announced the study on the details of the details of the study and provide education for the promotion of skills.
 on the delights of the throves on the delights, the wave of cold winds and from time to time, the wave of waves of excitements were found to be able to live in their hands.
 in fact, in terms of jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison law, the draft garrison law and the current current current practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the centre for the establishment of a centre for the establishment of a resource centre is not encouraging.
 the chairpersons of the joint meeting expressed his discussion very useful and will take follow-up actions.
 in addition, we will take the review of the reviews of the district boards on the district boards.
 located on the 1 avenue of the secretariat imports of 1 avenue, the permanent representative of the permanent representative was limited to a special labelling vehicle.
 in the end of the village, the villagers had to be fading the trees, and the villagers have been able to take up three years.
 the reform institute of el salvador has been established as a result of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee is not opposed to these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or no information on the girl is urged to call the case of mong kok police station on telephone 2398 649.
 in 1997, the institute was designated by the institute in order to implement improved quality and improved productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on the three issues in his speech.
 to this end, emphasis was given to education and the means to promote the development of education in the developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it has also affirmed no command of the army.
 the field control system is a series of audits for the united nations assets of the united nations assets, namely, at the end of the year.
 this is not possible.
 for security reasons, it is essential for the protection of the environment, and in order to protect the environment, without radioactive, no-freeness, emissions, gas and non-existence.
 in the 14 century, the treason took place in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat of destruction of the threat of nuclear weapons seems to have been rooted in the minds of many people.
 the village of the village has been scared to all of them.
 armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 no serious discrimination is part of the international protection of human rights and, in particular, respect for pluralism.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any documents or addresses must be taken into force.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers in the economy, it is believed that hong kong's rank will pick up.
 the choice of choice is the choice of a contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to remittizes.
 at that time, governor patten is busy preparing for the initial election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it is possible that the number of accused accused has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be co-ordination with the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life and the loss of children in particular, especially children, is always sad, and that sadness than national and religious boundaries.
 the quarters of the operation included $ 50000.
 in recent years, there have been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up on the website of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they felt that the multi-spectical technology of science and technology is not at the level of science.
 in accordance with the strengthening of the operational programme, progress has been hampered by the lack of progress in the field of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car car bomb occurred in the vicinity of the crowded at the city of the city.
 security guards at the session, as well as personal personal guards, will receive special permits to the united nations security service.
 information on the latest map was prompted to rescue agencies as a result of the latest maps and new access.
 the programme provides for more than 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies in carrying out mine action activities have been carried out in its mandate.
 the cambodian government has provided legal protection to hiv <unk> aids by hiv <unk> aids, and protecting human rights.
 and again, once again, the housing department has once again been asked to check the time again.
 drop-out rates for secondary school girls are still higher than men, in secondary and university, and men are still in the case.
 anti-continence and co-operation between anti-au-bian and 8-year-old co-airpersons have been erupted.
 there are no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 it was not surprising that she has changed her decision because of its experience.
 the warning letter will be received from the transport department's warning letter.
 i have always been the united states in the hands of the united states, er, er, er, er, erupting.
 chairman, the president of the world bank; the president of the world bank.
 if they are interested in the interest of the official, it is not possible to do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of the international system for the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 i cannot say <unk>
 it has been proposed to abolish the cuban sugar quota in the us market.
 however, in the longer run, the government still intends to openly recruit suitable candidates.
 3 children have been released, but the next day was also required to report back to the gendarmerie report.
 mr. ponson is the modernization of the hong kong trade marks ordinance.
 the more the more voters will be voted, of course, of course, of course, of course.
 one of the 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles may be available at 13 minutes within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe it would be more important if he is not enough.
 this practice is evident in the administration.
 an armed attack in december 1963 was an armed attack on ethnic cleansing in the turkish community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that there should also include models.
 we are contacting the authorities of the canadian authorities to understand details of the hearings of the court's hearing.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation for the work of the delegation for the work of this subject.
 there are no persons going to him.
 with regard to the elimination of marriages for the elimination of marriages, she asked how to identify the cause of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment by members of the commission on innovation and technology, as well as the special adviser.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the importance of more refined and available information has been encouraged to participate in all levels of activities in all levels.
 the delegation stated that most of them were from external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this accomplishments and continuous efforts have been made in the past and the current efforts of the present system. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living and improvement of the living standards of the child, parents have to pay a certain cost on household income.
 the need for further efforts, however, needs to be made in order to more widely disseminate work results, which aroused attention to national authorities.
 these criminal acts could not be allowed to support those criminals, financed, and other means supporting these criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, a taxi taxi was found to have been robbed by a taxi in sha tin.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of the actual contact or liaison with them.
 article 54 of the constitution states that aliens of the republic of the republic shall enjoy the same protection as the law of haiti.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year period of time to bring them into line with the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp was angery, and he was able to send a press conference with a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region remained weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to carry out their own hands.
 it's hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be used in a nutch.
 the fishing industry in taiwan has taken six years.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has issued numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and religious society.
 in accordance with the supervision of the sfc's licensees by the sfc, the hkma will carry out regulatory functions and criteria.
 in the first time, the return back of stars returned back to 16.
 we would like to see the universality of the university of peace in the university of peace.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections for private and commercial sectors.
 more than four years ago, they were invited to attend the chinese new year of chinese schools.
 the united states government admitted that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the adjudication fee is to pay.
 in the competition, the students had to cope with the accident problems, such as power cuts, blacks, blacks, equipment and tactism.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the recommendations.
 staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention special references to the use of the creditor and one or a company.
 it's not surprising that chinese people would avoid the name of the chinese people.
 the department of health of the department of health is providing health care and disinfection.
 i turn now to the question of post-conflict peace-building issues, in view of the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also requested that the high commissioner should take the initiative of the special rapporteur on the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 we refuse to keep the focus on a single side.
 we are watching the process of solving the question of palestine in the middle east of the middle east.
 i would be doing so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, which has been placed on technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left to the development of the international community.
 a state of emergency in lima is once again extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-zar-zar-sharif, the authorities began to enter into other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missile missile has enabled them to use threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 the government's consistent policy is to maximize the platform for the use of the software as a platform for application systems.
 in addition, 157 private care centres have been maintained at present fees.
 following the incident, both sides have taken military action, but there is no major change in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide range of new interesting games.
 but some immediate dangers will be taken by the relevant departments concerned.
 the expert experts can make a new image of new images (about 15000).
 the estimate covers a 10 per cent vacancy rate for the local level.
 the use of coal conversions to natural gas will reduce the use of sulphurs, nitrogen and dioxide emissions.
 the works will start early next year and will be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, a large-scale number of organisations involved in 100 or more people are involved in other sectors of the community.
 pursuant to article 23 of the swedish criminal code, the maximum limits of a penalty for the completion of the offences are applied to the maximum penalty.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang wang (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco, morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operation and other 5 suspects.
 of them, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, with the rest of the remaining 19.
 in conclusion, i should like to refer to two spanish special concerns.
 if there was no unauthorised vehicle, it will definitely be the case.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ').
 8 days later, u.s.a., usa.
 more than 2000.
 the survey will provide the standard of living in the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly in poverty-to-dateness.
 one of the hot games is that one of the hot games is the new games for the new games this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation abolished the death penalty in 1993.
 it is also known that the monkey and other illnesses have also been effective.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation was amended in 1999 to empower it more investigative powers and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and south korea, in beijing, was held in beijing.
 he will address a keynote speech at the hong kong trade development council and the association of france.
 the international community could co-operate together with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance made a response to the proceedings on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 as the honourable lau ping-yin has just said just now, i would like to say that it would be a notice if it is to apply.
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal framework could be found in the articles 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state of stockpiling states must begin to collect data on its stockpiling and production of historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are available from the relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people are used by many people who have vested interest in many of them.
 i believe that many people do not agree with this view, but it will oppose a land departure tax.
 in accordance with the provisions of the contract, the transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by the local forest.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the south-eastern part of the country's south-eastern region in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to those who are affected by the labour force.
 they have adopted a model of a model for a model of trains, and the cost of the price is $ 8000000000.
 the court was received by the court in 2001.
 this kind of work has been assigned to the division, and needs to be followed by a lower-level consideration and approval.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island to take special arrangements on hong kong on january 6 in order to hold public money money.
 in accordance with the economic situation in the students, private universities have given money tuition fees.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations, as well as to restore multilateral negotiations, the common objective of our region is essential.
 his strengths are extremely strong, and he has been able to seize him.
 a number of police officers will be issued by the police.
 although the results were indicated that those who have been trapped in medicine, the quality of drugs has been sold through a german company through a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine's treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel has also continued to make an opening up of tunnels on the part of al-quds al- al-sharif al- al-sharif al.
 in fact, after the spring festival of this year's spring festival, the tourism council has not received any admission to passengers of shopping.
 i believe you will become important assets in the two places.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been depreciated to reflect the service of the latter.
 so, if you have been concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i am sure that we should not be let out.
 the private car immediately fled the scene along shak kok street to the tai chung bridge street.
 although the evidence is to be found, they are still being defended.
 governments have adopted various approaches to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that the performance of different institutions would not be fair and unfair. "
 i believe it will also affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment has been stimulated and even without " all ", " as usual, the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as it is like the army, that it can resistance to external invasion.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the water ground in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to the east.
 in my view, this week, we have demonstrated the resolve of our common to defeat this international community.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general and appreciation for his report to the secretary-general for consideration today.
 we need to do so. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice the reconstruction of democracy after the last two decades of political instability.
 in the west of the west, it is just like the many legends of many legends.
 what's what is known is that we are very familiar with what is known.
 it is in fact an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the sea.
 in the history of history, there is no other child.
 the right to peace is the entire mainland and brings brightness to the entire continent and to bring about brightness. "
 as a new chairman of the new advisory committee, i shall be set up on the basis of a good basis for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a moral instrument which is likely to be a moral instrument with the international community as a whole.
 in recent years cocaine seizures in croatia were low in recent years, and reported 913 kms of cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supports the mexican proposal, which would urge the united nations concerned to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (ha) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then he was taken away by a police vehicle and was taken away from the car.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of the protection of nature should be carried out in more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to identify the user's user and the results of the evaluation exercise.
 the statement made by mr chan kam-lam said that his statement would be more than my short, but my speech may still be better than he.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to other international forums dealing with the issue of anti-terrorism.
 the u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s., a decision by the court of appeal for the district court.
 with regard to this point, more than 30000 displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the northern part of kabila province have been deprived of assistance in this year.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, part of the international group of international groups in the end of july.
 with the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing pre-employment training courses.
 at best, i can only say that the government's only thing is that the government is just a mouth.
 the current budget for the current operation is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent amount of payment was made to cover the floating of 10 per cent of payment under non-us dollars.
 the president of the presidency and mrs. v.
 the world forum will be convened in seattle and can be a forum for a forum.
 on the above-mentioned 1 issue, tianan's recommendation was recommended for primary and secondary students, university graduates and professional groups.
 as a result, it is unwise with the language of a more rich and more popular expression.
 regular receives and handling the images were received at regular receives and processing of -6.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the specific provisions of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically in favour of the motion.
 on the contrary, ecuador imports imports of 2<unk>3 and colombian's imports of 2<unk>3 of colombia.
 the most recent instances of the salving court in shakhak, which relate to the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, mr donald tsang, will be a keynote speech at the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested during the operation of 15 june had been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 in all possible levels, the question has been given to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress.
 regional security systems have expanded its collection of information on information on counter-terrorism activities on the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know what information and the commission had to be used by the non-governmental organizations.
 to safeguard the interests of consumer interests, i would like to put forward this motion on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy of enhancing the strengthening of foreign representation, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, there are 15 different countries.
 if the signing of international treaties is signed, the legal assistance in accordance with the procedure provided for the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that most of them, or at least one of them, can return to their homes.
 there should be no change in the list of states, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was a decrease in the construction industry, with the industry and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 owing to the budgetary constraints, some restrictions were made to the costs of counsel counsel and expenditure.
 there is a need for a period of time-frames, which is not too long to become a punishment.
 at the beginning of the weekend, these places have been blocked to the parents ' parents ' parents ' parents ' parents ' parents.
 the bank does not want to take a separate one another thing to deal with the government's business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 2461411; reservation is made at 2734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be researched by a unit in a unit.
 article 190 to 201 of the penal code of georgia, in detail in article 190 to 201 of the penal code.
 " in addition to the case of the case, we also consider the need to expand the training and traffic area. "
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sadest dictatorship in the continent.
 we are not in favour of addressing pressure on the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why i would say that i would like to say that you will not allow you to join you.
 he was released after the indian army detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 moreover, article 13 to 18 should be considered in reference to the international institutionalization of the international system of activities.
 1970-1975 counsellor.
 a code of ethics in the context of the legal activities of conflict zones should be enacted on the law of conflict zones.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all these arrangements will be available for sale at the sale of the flats on two occasions.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 52300 persons, compared with 37000 deaths in the same period.
 however, i have been able to deal with it because of this issue, because this issue reflects the vigilance of the balkan peninsula and the people of the people.
 in the future of the future of hong kong's future, chinese leaders said: " the chinese government says ".
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government care and care.
 according to reports, the pollution of the pollution area had been consumed by the polluted food, and they were subsequently imported as a clean food.
 on the choice of the choice of children's name, the luxembourg status of the convention was put forward by luxembourg.
 they also discussed and agree with the need to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry to discuss with the industry.
 i would also like to think about the death of the victims, but also to all the victims of thousands of victims.
 he says, " says ni kuang-yu's " all copyright, " he says.
 the overall plan has been focused on assisting girls and women's awareness of self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirms the commitment of the administration and palau to uphold the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 1928, the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party has reached an revolutionary revolution with the revolutionary revolution.
 in promoting the promotion of chickens, there are a farmer of the farmer, as well as farmers with farmers and farmers.
 the advisory committee had received a copy of the memorandum of understanding for these arrangements.
 in this context, the committee has made its efforts to understand the allmonies of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the people have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the unconscious balance was the termination of the extension programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 research and practical application of scientific research and practical applications should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all the permanent resident of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the services industry received $ 216000, created or saved 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response from the nuclear tests carried out by india and india.
 i take this opportunity to thank the countries, international organizations and the united nations, and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we want to make a good friend to know what is inadequate and honest.
 after a few months, the storm has also affected hong kong, which is a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, it has been closed yesterday.
 after protesting the protests, some of the people of the public are emotionally emotional, and the police used a high level of high water.
 the establishment of a programme of work for trade points is only established in recent years.
 i am most important to respect the civil service and allow them to be discussed at the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the impact of that change on women's impact on women's impact on women than that of men.
 (c) the office of the force commander: as a result of the information dissemination of the office, the reduction of the two local level posts should be reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of community development division and the support division, the department of community development, and similar activities have been undertaken.
 " from the channels of the gizmondo global marketing branch, the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should remain in a fair and equal manner in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some apparent difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy which is being implemented.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration are subject to article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased from 17 per cent in july to november, with a slight increase of 0.6<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 it is clear that womens participation in society clearly depends on the economic and social rights of the economy and its legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committee clearly reflect the urgent issue of the common attention of all humankind.
 their despair and pain must be concluded.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success. "
 in view of the above positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 in the us$ 2000000000, only $ 120000000 is used to purchase humanitarian items.
 the rents in the consumer price index (cpi) reflect the situation in the rents paid by households in hong kong.
 the relevant jurisdictions in the jurisdiction of such an approach should be made available to the original guarantee of the original guarantee.
 his view was that the beijing olympic games was in the preparation of the beijing olympic games, and china will succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues of productive employment in february this year.
 in the light of the measurement models, we will have a general assessment of the situation.
 in 2000, the maternity protection protection protection protection protection protection protection protection protection act also banned the eight-21 women working class in the 2 to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities for paragua paragua have made significant improvements to the 2 key transport route to the road transport corridor.
 everyone is welcome to see.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be strong to develop and we look forward to as soon as possible.
 for the people of the general assembly, the importance of the general assembly is also the same as the art culture.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly population is fast faster than the overall population growth.
 the north point, north point, at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man died in fire.
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives was reported on 12 may 1994.
 the opening ceremony of the " china space technology " exhibition is a great honour.
 their disciplines and disciplines have been worthy of their own, and activates themselves.
 these proposals have been the public opinion of many years. it is " from the masses.
 a police spokesman reiterated that " a police spokesman reiterated that there is no need for the public to be excessively concerned by ordinary letters.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing person to contact investigating officers of the missing persons missing from kowloon and kowloon east.
 in this connection, the secretariat had been informed of the intention of the secretariat to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting timetable.
 the 74-year-old man, his voice, and his voice.
 this has happened on the way along the way in which the problem is nearing migrants.
 as a whole, the overall number of unemployed people is a few times higher.
 some industrial governments have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to be suspended from the point of decision to suspend this practice.
 in the century and the millennium, we have seen mankind's achievement and has seen a certain devastating tragedy.
 mr deputy president, i hope that i would like to say a few words about this point.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian.
 the 3 genetic revolution has been known as biotechnology revolution.
 i think that the chinese government has agreed to draft the draft basic law to examine the accuracy of the basic law.
 these rights may be brought to the competent court of justice.
 the united nations is a appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 this provision provides for the need to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people on food and medicine. this is the oil-for-food programme.
 note:
 it is well known that it is difficult to distinguish between voluntary candidates and compulsory recruitment.
 i read this letter on the day of the day.
 at the same time, inflation continues to be high on the high level, and the inflation rate for this year will be almost 10<unk>.
 mr ip, mr ip, also mentioned that he took the view that many of the voters in the profession have already been tired.
 i would also like to agree with the proposal that the proposed reduction in a number of existing administrative provisions.
 i am very clear.
 the drafting of the 1 session of the review committee, at its 1 session, will be presented in the meeting.
 management is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial operations.
 it is also high.
 to tie in line with the relevant measures, customs officers, the fire services department and the planning department will be carried out with the company for verification.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you as the chairman of the council, like other colleagues.
 additionally, military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure security.
 the objective of the text was to provide a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned with the adoption of an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers were investigating the three rooms of three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept their professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization <unk> authorization should be considered.
 in late february each year, parents will be invited to take part in the central allocation scheme to take part in the selection process in march.
 however, these techniques have been made to implement these techniques.
 originally, i had a little hesitation to him with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum age for compulsory service will lead to the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration in the draft guide should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat the arguments that i would like to repeat the arguments that i would like to do so.
 on the other hand, the president of the chair shall announce the end of the debate after the consent of the group.
 he said, " you often get a dark darkness, or even the darkness of humanity. "
 i think that the upper level should be kept in the future, and there is no need to be fixed.
 the sisters took a day of starvation of starvation, guarding and storming.
 " we should continue to enhance our standard of service, which is our expectations for our expectations.
 it can be a big step in the future, ah.
 it is now clear that the community is strongly in favour of the establishment of these freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the mission went to new york, it had to stop them into the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will increase significantly. "
 his delegation believed that the court should be consistent with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital flows in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the issue of multilateral covenants and agreements, including those of the human rights treaty.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic state-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandese military, including five children.
 " we will be as soon as possible, " the spokesman said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 it is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is to be found in hong kong.
 in a number of countries, the cross-border transit paper shall be transfered by the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95<unk> of the salaries and personal income taxpayers may have received tax taxpayers in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and serious consideration of japan.
 in the sudan, women and the ministry of social development of women and the ministry of social development are responsible for the tenth preparations for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the administrative committee on coordination and organizational chairman of the committee on administrative services and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is an end to friday, 5 november, with the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, there are checks and balances between the executive and legislation.
 even if the shelling of the shelling is not public transport, most of them have no access to work.
 this may be a different case.
 next, let us take you a look at the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members can also observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look at me, i would like to speak with me.
 despite good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its goals in the area of gdp.
 yes, it is somewhat different.
 if we hope that the united nations has a very important position, we must have the united nations to be a means of course.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works to be carried out by the housing authority.
 after the selection of mr deputy, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and the accident rate of the catering industry has been downward downward.
 the croatian police also walked on walking and vehicle patrols in their control areas.
 mr cheung pointed out that three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung pointed out that the public misunderstanding was misunderstanding.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the registration of the registration scheme is formally implemented, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you have to ask questions, and it is not appropriate to ask questions in question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " winds ". it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 on the evening of the evening, he will go to washington for the last resort to visit north america in north america.
 the exports from developing countries from the developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 as her husband had her her shoes.
 152. despite the need to analyse data and quantity, it is relatively small, despite the number of data, the analysis of the data on the ground.
 the report noted, however, that although there were foods in the local market, there is a very limited purchasing power of the population.
 the advisory committee agrees that this view was suggested that the current rate of 23.7 per cent was retained.
 the results achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be presumably.
 the administration recognizes that " national security " is vested with the interests of the sovereign state.
 at present, however, hong kong's economy has continued to grow, the surplus of the csd's surplus.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined to be determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 3 years, a large amount of documentation has been proved that, owing to the shortage of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to nuclear explosions, but not to prohibit nuclear tests, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they answered that he was unable to receive him because of the urgency of urgency.
 overall, the overall amount of the whole can be more likely than its part.
 (b) the clp has been able to incorporate public holidays on a public holiday on may 1, 1999 for a day-to-day period.
 the green paper will be found in the green paper.
 in 1993, it became a member of the author who had been appointed as a member of the chartered institute of arbitration.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to the request for a long-term strengthening of the human rights and the infrastructure cooperation of the country.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use international law as the most strong legal law.
 at the present time, the economic co-operation of economic co-operation is changing, and the world is speeding up its efforts towards multipolarity.
 the exchange of exchange of exchanges between the chinese and western paintings is also the same.
 in a sense of self-infectism, it is not commensurate with the spectaculousness of the audience.
 i am talking about the response of a response to the exploitation of women in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is that the angolans themselves truly committed peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have increased significantly.
 there has been little evidence that there was little evidence to fiji.
 in such a seminar, there was a very difficult seminar.
 as a result of the brazilians, fows, fows, and grievances.
 these women are also subject to sex discrimination, or to be subjected to the ugly slavery.
 (a) the economic growth of more than 50 per cent of the country's economic growth exceeds the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, the non-governmental organizations attempt to influence a government.
 this fany phenomenon is the product of a new single-risk system in a new single-risk system.
 recently, there have been a number of original groups who had not been able to come out.
 however, as the people's restoration of life and the possibility of a large number of refugees return, east timor will require sustained resources.
 in the capital, a police station was bombed by car bombs in the capital, causing at least five deaths and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police have been charged with a decrease in cases of human rights and other irregularity.
 his election highlights the various advantages of his various advantages, and his personal qualities of personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", there is no need for the whole industry to survive.
 at the time of the buo's situation, a 10thimeter shall be at 173 pairs of veils and 133 pairs of veils.
 the words " withdrawal " should be removed.
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-competitive security, the debtor also should bear the responsibility of the debtor to maintain their responsibility and maintenance.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the field of urgency.
 in the vicinity of the vicinity, there was an explosion occurred at the scene, but there was no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed-minded conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been in the near future.
 as stated above, it does not mention the office of the office.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs that some things could not be able to do so.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies have to be filled, and the meeting will be resumed on the afternoon of the afternoon.
 the car parks adjacent to the centre will be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients portfolios growth remained stable.
 many people have a lot of convenience.
 in mid-july this year, mr. li, who visited japan on behalf of my country, took part in the 8 world muscle.
 the 3 ldcs conference on ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the strategic development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit to the secretariat to submit to the secretariat to indicate the details of these two units.
 the chairpersons also stressed that the secretariat would need to participate in the full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of the background document.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 in new york, new york <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the small seventy is well-being, he was his father's satisfaction and lovers.
 mr cheung has a keynote speech on the occupational safety of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you, you want to look for you.
 the new airport of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced.
 despite the limited financial difficulties of economic difficulties, many small amounts could be made available to a large amount of funds.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the content of the draft bill was too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law, as we want to preserve our international financial centre.
 percentage of the total resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the grassroots level.
 at the time of a 50-year-old man, he was discovered at the age of more than 50 years and its personality is the 180 degrees.
 the israeli occupying forces also came into the village where all houses of the village were destroyed and buried another.
 all these symptoms are advised to consult their doctors in order to facilitate the detection and treatment of symptoms.
 child prostitution refers to the use of the use of children in order to provide or facilitate the use of children in order to carry out sexual activity.
 all these are not very outstanding.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year rate of increase in orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important for the african countries to face serious external debt, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now like to back back back to the beginning.
 there are 14 panels of panels of experts on the part of the economic and social council, and its members are participating in the working group, not national representatives.
 as for experts, the specialists had been providing more intensive tactics training.
 the project should be completed in autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the north-south cooperation and should be regarded as a complementary point.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is the collapse of the family.
 in order to ensure high quality of chinese textbooks in schools, the establishment of chinese language textbooks is established.
 another thing is that " banks do not want to do it. "
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates unctad's leading role in this field, the panellists were only a number of interesting questions and did not provide solutions.
 the united nations military contingents would assist those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, it is necessary to look into the trade.
 however, it was reported that the prisoner was transferred to the detainee, and since then, no person had no right to whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the specific interests of the capital, the election activities of political parties should be able to be controlled by strict control and maintaining transparency.
 it is expected that in 2000.
 i would never imagine that sun sheng-yen had gone up with numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises (smes) committee, mr. chen wing-sen, held a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, a lot of land in the new territories is only controlled by collective government officials.
 we are in these areas. "
 if they want to do so. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to appear to be the sky, no matter, or the local people.
 please be invited to be invited to be invited to look at the 4 series of new zealand's 4 clusters of new zealand.
 the adoption of the new integration guidelines adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 on the basis of the pilot system, it was suggested that the establishment of the experimental system will be proposed in the area and to be preserved.
 the national television broadcasts are broadcast on a number of programmes which helped to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not a person who is dissatisfied with the age of 65, they are entitled to pay a minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be revealed.
 he was well-ined. he has always been dedicated to the achievements of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authority to review the provisions of the ordinance on the basis of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates and assist them in employment. "
 as china has recently acceded to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, two companies are expected to have a significant increase in communications volumes.
 recently, one came from the mainland and scholars from hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played an checks and balances.
 he said that if someone buys theft, he was also assured of the security of several thousand people.
 kosovo serbs are participating in the elections and demonstrated the attention of the self-government of self-government.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 to date, the sign of " taipei's dignity " is now at the door of the new paintings.
 the official said that the name of the names of the names said: " it's not entirely fabricated by albread and basa.
 born in new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, was born in new zealand, new zealand, canberra and the australian university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are used to attack businesses.
 details of the proposal, both in both english and chinese, will be put up at a noticeboard for public inspection.
 this is the dpp's new progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing industry, there is indeed a lot of employees ' choice.
 the claimant provides a export credit guarantee for export credit.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various areas.
 the board further recommends that the accuracy of the requirements of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 people's daily quoted in the world bank of the world bank, said: " nobody knows how many of the costs are. "
 this article is published in the zhou of the red cross, zhou zhou, which is published by the people of liaoning.
 madam president, today's secretary of today's secretary of today's secretary of today's secretary of today's <unk> "
 as a result of the dark atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons are more open.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the statute of the government of japan on the above-mentioned statement.
 after the performances, the view of the audience was enthusiastically enthusiastically to the group and the staff members.
 in some cases, i can quote some examples, some complaints said that some of the chronically ill-patients to the hospital authority and the hospital authority.
 the amendment map is necessary to reflect the latest developments in the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, i all arrived in chongqing in the city.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that the national census of nationals in 2001.
 she has the highest moral character and enjoyment of all civil rights.
 all departments concerned will be involved in the scheme, with a view to preventing the victims from prevention, prosecution and trafficking in victims.
 with respect to the obligation of the state party, the committee notes that, in some cases, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour per hour per hour per hour per hour.
 secondly, the level of tension has been reduced.
 we are first of the draft resolution, entitled economic and other activities of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his family daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in cash.
 my delegation also thanked the secretary-general for under-secretary-general fornonono and his special representative, mr. otunnu.
 the decline in foreign investment in developing countries is likely to create financial instability.
 a international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic in prague.
 the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to some of the concepts that have achieved or not have been achieved in the past 5 years.
 aids has led to the suffering and orphans of children and orphans; the number of tribal conflicts increased more heavy.
 in january of this year, mr. sergio viei de mello proposes that the strengthening of the civilian police should be reinforced.
 our assessment is that there is no question of return to sierra leone or liberia.
 the number of young people accounted for about 19 per cent of africa's population growth population in africa.
 in hong kong, hong kong and some have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical of the typical consumers of the united states will have to spend 1000 to 1500000.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a topic which deserves to play.
 the department of disarmament is urged to assist the department of disarmament to help the new form of political will for a financial commitment.
 the financial position of our financial position is even better than that of the united kingdom, so it is absolutely not necessary to do so.
 the last time the image of laden's image was at the end of 2004, but his deputy secretary-general is frequent ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction schemes working group on waste reduction in the government.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 at the stage of the performance of the national music scholar, huan's master's music of the national music of national music is a contributor.
 the gross surplus of the business services sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, representing a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict situations, children need to take care of care.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on civilian populations, which have been killed every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 50400 visits were completed during a two-week survey, with a response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens had been tested and tested in the transport of the chickens before the market. "
 he said that the secretariat would like to expect the executive board to provide guidance for these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres of the demilitarized zone to cover 5 kilometres and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in the family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures to ensure the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 visit to taiwan's 1 visit to taiwan is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological corporation is expected to affect south china and south china.
 the present section reviewed the reasons for the right to the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, cattle was born in the cattle of the 19 century.
 the penal code and criminal proceedings have been amended, in order to state legal systems.
 the imposition of appropriate legal sanctions against arms creates appropriate legal sanctions to facilitate compliance with the rules of authorization.
 the government and the business sector have begun to consolidate the confidence of the international community.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 at the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet will be held at the guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, director of home affairs, director of home affairs, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting broke out in abdullah, abdullah, abdulla, and the taliban in the north-west.
 the volume of computer systems in the computer system is likely to be very easily easy, and there is also some major problems.
 this document will be included on a voluntary basis member of the asean regional forum on the part of the asean regional forum.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods will be returned to the same day.
 " the more late implementation of the implementation of the mpf system, the overall burden of the community will be greater.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often tend to do the people, such as enemy, and so they can't help the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the perfect transport system.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be sorry i am sorry.
 through this election, china has been able to ensure that hong kong is a rule of assets.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 as a result, we should not follow the new areas for other people. "
 the results of the adjudication will be issued in july.
 the works of johnson are the 1940s of the 1940s.
 however, madam president, the bill today is a great doubt that the bill will be implemented within this transitional period.
 after the united states new zealand, he was arrested by new zealand via los angeles, new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that the statistics were not able to fully reflect the size of the problem.
 as a result, we would like to choose different kinds of bricks in different places.
 in the wake of the economic reforms, china's economic reforms and opening-up of the hong kong currency exchange system has long emerged as a result of the economic reforms.
 the forum had been established in bishkek in shanghai.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the basic foundation has changed.
 we will continue to advise young people who have very bad effects on health.
 some of the results of the various religions are rarely seen in the social research, social research, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's year's year-on-the-board increase was estimated at $ 100020000, representing a total of 28<unk> over a year earlier.
 these provisions should be put in place with the chinese side.
 non-financed items on the united nations operational exchange rate for other currencies have been replaced by historical cost.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than 2<unk> in hong kong for two years. "
 as a result of the incident, i am aware of this kind of strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the revised plan to reflect the latest land-line proposals for the north-east lantau port.
 this force was forced to close negotiations in the phase.
 to that end, there is a need for member states to pay their assessed contributions on time, adequate and unconditional pay.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 over the last half of the century, mankind has lived in a very hot nuclear danger.
 he said that, in order to address these problems, it was established by the prime minister of the cabinet.
 the longer the more, the longer the more, the longer the more, the longer it is necessary for 2003.
 there are no other groups.
 the conduct of the conduct is comparable to a similar violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. as a summary of these financial statements, an important summary of these financial statements is attached to the financial statements.
 in the southern part of yun yun, there will be heavy rain in the south of guangxi in the south of guangxi.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the comoros, the government and people of the government of the israeli government were condolences to the heroes of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet produced a plan for the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the delegation of the two vice-chairmen, mr mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development with poverty, plan, plan, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is an average of about 70 examinations for an average of 70 tests, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprit fled the culprit, the culprits fled the sleeping room and to reveal the incident.
 the administration has announced today that today's day.
 for example, there are already 3 phases of pesticides, but it was late until the crop season in 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
